Now let me come back to these builds and what we got there.
The vue cli has another cool feature which is named instant prototyping,
I mentioned that these commands here which you execute in the package.json file with the
scripts, that these commands aren't available globally because the vue cli service is a local package
installed into that project.
Well you can install a global vue cli service,
you install it with npm install -g to install it globally and then it's @vue/cli
-service-global and on Mac and Linux, you might need to add sudo at the beginning again.
This will now install that, it will install that cli service which you also used locally in the project
here globally,
so then you will be able to run vue build on a global level which is nice but there is one feature
which is a lot nicer actually which I want to show you.
So let's wait for it to finish,
so for me it did finish and I could run vue build here too, I would have to target a file though,
I'll come back to that in a second
but another cool feature I want to show you first is called instant prototyping.
Let's say you have such a project or you have a totally empty folder with one vue component only,
hello.vue,
this is now not embedded into my project,
it's not even in the source folder and in there, I'll just add my template where I add a h1 tag where
I say hello
and this is a very simple vue component
and of course you could use script there, add styles, things like that.
If you just want to serve as such a component and have a look at it,
you can now run vue serve and for that you need that global cli service and then the name of the
vue component you want to serve.
And this now starts a development server and loads this vue component into it,
so you can inspect a single vue component,
of course if that component depends on things like routing and so on, it'll get hard because that information
will then probably be missing
but if you just want to look at a standalone component,
now I can reload my dev server and I just see hello and this is this one component getting loaded here. And
this is pretty awesome in my opinion because this gives you a way of quickly creating new components
and looking into them and working on single components
IF you just need that functionality, if you don't want to work on the entire app all the time. And kind
of related to this is one advanced feature or one cool feature related to building which I also want
to show you.